mark was starving after a long day at
the university
his apartment was too far away so he
decided to drop by his granny's
he knew she always had something tasty
to treat him to
unfortunately his granny had a quirk
first
a visitor had to crack her riddle and
then they got as much food as they could
eat
this time wasn't any different granny
gave mark a slip of paper
there it was written little little
late late can you understand what it
means
[Music]
too little too late
joanna made a bet with her friends she
had to go to a deserted house in the
middle of their town at night
no one lived there and the house was
supposed to be demolished soon
but rumor had it a mad scientist used
that building as his lab
it was about 3 am when the girl saw a
gloomy large building
the door was slightly ajar she entered
and saw a huge dark hallway
suddenly someone switched on the light
and joanna saw a bizarre looking man in
a lab coat
he stood there and stared at her for a
few seconds before saying
good morning i'm dr clark but
you aren't real joanna exclaimed how did
the girl figure it out
even though the scientist had a
reflection in the mirror he didn't cast
a shadow
it was a hologram
[Music]
once a dance studio owner found dylan
one of the instructors
lying on the floor in one of the rooms
someone had hit the man on the head
the owner called the police they
questioned the dance studio workers and
visitors
and found three suspects chloe a regular
said she hadn't visited the studio for
several days
she had several days off and spent them
sunbathing on the beach
ethan another instructor told the police
his friend had called him and asked for
help
that's why he had left the studio before
dylan came to work
layla dylan's girlfriend admitted they
had quarreled earlier in the morning
but after that she went to her best
friend to talk about this situation
the police officers understood right
away who was behind the attack
it was chloe she said she has spent
several days on the beach
but her skin is extremely pale
jenna and alice took their kids to the
park
jenna is on the phone while her son is
playing with his toy truck
and alice's kids are trying to build a
snowman while she takes selfies
one of the moms isn't clever can you
guess which
it's alice her kids are too far away
from
and there are cracks in the ice jenna is
very close to her son
and she can protect him
the johnsons and the smiths are spending
some quality time at home
the johnsons are busy watching a movie
while their kid is near the cat food
the smiths are doing some gardening
while the baby is closer to earthworms
which of the kids is in more danger
[Music]
the smith's baby worms carry a lot of
bacteria that can be transferred to
humans
these two travelers are so tired they
fell asleep on the job
sally fell asleep while driving a car
while mark passed out while piloting an
aircraft
whose decision isn't smart
[Music]
sally's when one pilot is asleep the
co-pilot can take over
but sleeping while behind the car wheel
is a lot more dangerous
[Applause]
philip and diane went swimming diane
wants to practice becoming a surfer
while philip just wants to chill in the
lake one of them
is making a big mistake can you see it
it's philip the sign says that the river
is infested with alligators
diane can easily surf in large waves
while there's a storm
shawn and maggie went for their
afternoon walk
maggie finished shopping and is taking a
shortcut through the forest
while shawn went to the park for some
fresh air
they're both approaching a broken bridge
who will fall in
[Music]
maggie sean is holding a white cane and
he'll understand there's no ground a few
inches away
but maggie is distracted and looking
straight ahead
instead of at the ground susan and april
are spending their weekends with their
daughters
susan took her daughter to the beach a
huge tornado is approaching
and she's taking selfies april put her
baby in a bathtub
and she's taking selfies without looking
at her baby
which mother isn't smart
susan her daughter is exposed to
dangerous weather in the ocean
while april can reach and grab her
daughter in case something happens
camilla was on a luxury yacht cruise
around the mediterranean
one morning she woke up and discovered
that all her expensive rings had been
stolen
she rushed to the captain and asked him
to find her jewelry
he questioned the crew and guests and
found three suspects
mateo the sailor told the captain he had
been too busy
refilling the scuba gear for the morning
dive andrew the cook
said he had been creating the menu for
the following week
he didn't pay attention to anything that
was happening around
stella another passenger claimed she'd
been exhausted after diving the day
before
she went to bed and didn't wake up until
the captain came to question her
after thinking for several minutes and
looking around
the captain realized who had taken the
jewelry
can you figure it out too
[Music]
it was mateo he claimed he had been
refilling the scuba gear
but oxygen tanks were still at zero
mark the ceo of his own company came to
work and switched on his computer
in a couple of minutes he jumped out of
his seat grabbed the phone
and called his friend lucas a police
detective
when the man arrived mark told him all
the data connected with a super
important deal
had been erased from his computer three
people had come close to it and
lucas questioned all of them alison the
accountant
told the detective the computer had been
frozen she just pressed several keys on
the keyboard
and everything started to work normally
again
logan the it specialist claimed he had
only
updated the antivirus software and
hadn't touched anything else
evelyn the secretary said she had been
with logan
the only thing she did was to restart
the device
lucas took fingerprints from the
computer and around it
and that's what he discovered no time he
knew who had deleted the files
can you figure it out
there weren't any fingerprints on the
keyboard it means
allison lied emma had been dreaming of
becoming a prom
queen since childhood and there was a
good chance her dream would come true
she was popular smart and beautiful
emma wanted to live stream the ceremony
on instagram while they were waiting for
the results
but there was no wi-fi or reception in
the school gym where the event was
taking place
emma was upset at first but soon she
concentrated on the prom
mc's words and now we'll find out who
the prom king and queen are
wait where's the box with the votes
someone had taken the box and thrown all
the votes to the school swimming pool
now they were impossible to read the
principal had four suspects
ava claimed she had been dancing the
whole night like the rest of the
students
steve said he had left the gym for a
minute or two to answer a phone call
he was back in no time though and
continued to have fun
liza explained that she had had a fight
with her boyfriend
after seeing him with another girl she
ran out of the gym because she didn't
want anyone to see her cry
and aiden said he had lost his tie at
some point during the night
he was looking for it when the accident
happened who's lying
steve is the liar he couldn't leave the
gym to answer a phone call
because there was no reception inside
you're taken into a room with three
large
tanks filled with salt water you must
stay in one of them for five minutes
the biologist promises to set you free
if
you make it out alive the first contains
six great white shards the second has 70
piranhas
the last one is filled with dangerous
box jellyfish
which could you survive in
in the second tank piranhas are fresh
water fish
they can't survive in salt water
you're leading an expedition to the
north pole add your sailing there
a huge chunk of ice falls into the water
causing a large wave to come your way
what do you tell your crew to do stop
the ship and stay until the wave passes
start moving in the opposite direction
keep going and lean
into the wave as it hits
leaning into the wave is the only way to
get some balance
anything else will cause your ship to
capsize
you're stuck in a room that's slowly
filling up with water
help is six minutes away the water will
reach the ceiling in just two minutes
but on the floor there's a tree branch
a straw a bucket which one will buy you
some time
the bucket flip it over your head
and it'll create an air bubble that will
allow you to breathe for a while
while out camping you come across an
angry brown bear that's coming closer
and closer to you
what should you do start running as fast
as you can
fall to the ground and pretend you're
unconscious stay still
and don't move
[Music]
fall to the ground that way the bear
won't see you as a threat
oliver is trapped in the freezing north
david is lost in the desert without any
clothes
who will collapse first
david the cold weather makes oliver
shiver
his muscles tighten and loosen very fast
to keep him warm
but david quickly becomes dehydrated in
the sun
while walking through a dense jungle you
get bitten on the leg by a venomous
snake
how can you survive by drawing the venom
out with your mouth
washing the wound with water and a cloth
by tying your leg with a piece of your
shirt
[Music]
tying your leg will prevent the venom
from reaching the rest of your body
haley is a computer engineer who got an
exciting opportunity to work for a major
tech company
she walks in for her interview but there
are no recruiters
only a dark room with a small glowing
sign
boy happens to me all the time as soon
as she steps closer to read it
the electric door behind her closes and
red
lights start blinking that's when she
sees a table
with five buttons on top just kidding
it's three
can't fool you the sign on the wall
reads
only one can help you escape if she
presses the first button
three more doors open in front of her
the second button will shut the power
off the third could either lock the door
behind her
or open it 50 50. which one should she
[Music]
choose
the second button when the electricity
goes out the door behind her will open
and she'll be free and not think twice
about interviewing with that
wacko firm billy's walking home after a
night out with friends
when a shadowy figure starts following
him
he sees a house with the door open and
lights on he rushes in
but the door locks behind him three
doors
always appear before his eyes only one
is an exit
behind the first there's hot lava if he
opens the second door
there will be a 15 foot hungry alligator
waiting for him
the third door hides a huge block of ice
standing in the way
which one should he choose to escape
he picks the third door with a block of
ice waits for it to melt and then
escapes
hope he brought a big lunch that could
take all week
one day mike decided to go on an
adventurous hike
he walked for hours until he found a
comfy spot to set up camp
at one am he hears water drops on the
roof of his tent
he heads outside and sees a huge
lightning storm approaching
mike has three options but only one of
them will keep him protected
one go downhill to a flat area filled
with rocks
two climb higher on top of the mountain
three
head down toward the trees which one is
safest
going downhill toward the rocks climbing
higher is a no-go during a lightning
storm
he should also avoid the woods since
lightning bolts strike trees
all the time shane is a nature
photographer on a mission in the amazon
as he walked deeper and deeper in the
jungle he got lost
he has enough water with him but he ran
out of snacks
luckily he comes across an old picnic
basket
inside there are three things he could
eat
but only one that's the safest a jar of
honey
hard-boiled eggs and a sandwich which is
the best option
seven seconds to decide
[Music]
the honey no matter how many months or
years go by
it doesn't spoil
once a prison guard accidentally
overheard very disturbing rumors
someone was planning a prison break the
guard watched all the footage from the
surveillance cameras
and discovered that two women have been
behaving suspiciously
one of them was a former bodybuilder
muscular with short hair
and covered in tattoos the other was
quiet and reserved
she preferred to spend time on her own
and sometimes cried in her cell
after watching the video several times
the guard figured out which woman was
planning to escape
can you do the same
it's the second prisoner there's a file
in her bun
she can use it to get through the metal
bars
nathan a successful entrepreneur with a
multi-million dollar business
and his friend jackson a famous private
detective
returned from a long-term trip abroad
they decided to stop by at nathan's
villa on the way to the city
when the men entered the house though
they saw that everything more or less
valuable had been taken away
the entire villa was a mess i've only
been away for a month
what's happened here exclaimed nathan
jackson took an apple from the dining
room table
and started to munch on it thoughtfully
the lock isn't broken
it means that the person who took your
stuff had the key
after a while the detective asked nathan
to invite three people
mia nathan's niece told jackson she
hadn't visited her uncle's home
she had been having serious problems
with her car for already two months
and the villa was too far away from the
city to get there by public transport
sarah the maid claimed she had stopped
by several weeks ago
to bring some food and tidy up but since
then
she hadn't been to the villa adam the
gardener
told the detective he had been on
vacation and had just returned
he even offered to show his plane
tickets to jackson
the detective immediately understood who
was behind the mess
you have eight seconds to figure it out
it was the maid she said she brought
food several weeks ago
but the apple jackson grab from the
table was perfectly fresh
once ms white heard someone crying it
was her little student abigail
the girl told the teacher her cookies
had been disappearing from her locker
someone had been taking them for already
several weeks
but abigail didn't know who ms white
decided to help the girl
they equipped the locker with a simple
alarm that had to go off
if someone who wasn't abigail opened the
door
they hid behind the corner and began
waiting
in 10 minutes they heard the alarm when
they reached the locker it was
already empty and there was no one
nearby
but ms white noticed somebody disappear
behind the art room door
she rushed inside but everything looked
normal
and still the teacher needed no more
than a minute to understand who had been
eating abigail's cookies
look at the picture of the art room
attentively can you find out the answer
within eight seconds
it's the girl on the left her painting's
black and white
but there are only various shades of
blue on her palette
and maybe the cookie crumbs are a
giveaway too i don't know
sam is a truly special young lady she
was just 17 the day before yesterday
next year she'll be 20 already what's
her secret
sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on december 31st
so if today is january 1st it's correct
to say that she was 17
the day before yesterday she turned 18
the next day
she'll be 19 on the last day of this
year and next year
she'll be 20. it's fitness day at school
and all the kids ran the same distance
each kid was ranked according to his or
her own unique result
billy turned out to be both the 50th
fastest and the 50th slowest runner
how many kids are there at billy's
school
even though 100 sounds like a clear-cut
answer it's actually 99.
billy is the 50th in the sequence from 1
to 50 of the fastest runners
if he's the 50th slowest there has to be
99 runners ranked from
50 to 99. mrs smith
went to the police claiming that her
vintage necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived
they saw no signs of a break-in no
messed up locks
no misplaced doors only one window was
broken
there was a total mess inside the house
and dirty footprints
all over the floor surprisingly the next
day
mrs smith was arrested for fraud why
the police were sure that mrs smith lied
to them because the window was broken
from the
inside if it had been broken from the
outside
little pieces of glasses would have been
on the room's floor